Design Notes
============

The purpose of this program is to fulfill the need of adding a list of numbers,
but for circumstances where opening an instance of Excel would be a waste of
resources.  As such, this program will need to be small and lightweight.

At the same time, certain visual design features, namely the seven-segment
number display and scrollable tape, will be retained to make this program
unique.  These features were inspired from the Visual Basic 6.0 version of this
program that I created some 20 years ago.

The first iteration of this program will work only in standard 1080p resolution
screens on Windows OS; subsequent iterations will consider being DPI-aware, but
will still be restricted to Windows.

This project is targeting .NET 6, which is the current long-term support version
of .NET.

While this project is too small for a complete Clean/Onion architecture, I have
tried to follow a design that will emphasize a separation of concerns.  So, the
UI will be *only* an interface, with no computing logic behind it.  As much as
possible, I want to make the UI features perform as services for the other
components.


High-DPI scaling is discussed here:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/designers/disable-dpi-awareness?v
iew=vs-2022

Also
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.windows.forms.containercontr
ol.autoscalemode?source=recommendations&view=windowsdesktop-7.0



11/27/2022
----------

I've decided that I don't need extra classes to manage the tape, numeric
display, keypad, option buttons, or configuration.

The tape can be managed in the form, as can the numeric display (as PictureBox
controls), and the same for most of the other objects.  But the "brains" is the
accumulator, and that justifiably needed its own class - and I needed to put
that class into its own project so that I could write tests for it.

Test-driven development has significantly simplified development of the
accumulator.

At this point I can see that I should use events raised by the accumulator to
tell the form when to update the numeric display.  The same will probably be
true for the population of the paper tape, when I get to it.




